what's going on guys this is Finn and
today I'm going to show you one of the
quickest ways in Skyrim I've ever found
two lovely first of all you need to have
your enchanting all the way up to a
hundred go so let's go to a chanting
show you guys so I can find it yep there
is gonna have to enchance high percent
stronger so suppose to enchants aren't
completely necessary but I like it so we
go to hear illusion spells twenty five
percent last 25 25 25 so free casts all
right allusion is a master spells called
harmony every creature around you and
people up to level 33 won't fight for 60
seconds to get this you have to go to
the collagen of Winterhold and do the
master illusion quest which is pretty
fairly easy to do you just go with
muffle keep popping it when you're
throughout town and level up your
illusion fast enough so you can go get
this spell anyway this cost no mana this
is harmony I like to go to the blue
palace there are plenty of NPCs for the
spell to work on so let's pop it find
out what happens well I suppose a new
new got that as well as it would help if
I did that wouldn't it grrrrrr ok
that 15 right now pop it once and haha
it's a friendly spell so let him care 39
how do you like that boys and girls
let's pop again find out 49 this is one
of the quickest ways I've ever found a
leveling in scarab ah little laggy
there's so much shit in here throws
around stuff I am dholki you do not care
i cast spells upon you ha and boom and
one more time and boom level up from 87
to 88 that's how quick that is amazing
hope that's helped you guys out a lot
sure to admit for me